[DOCU-2349] GraphQL server path (#3960)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/degraphql/_index.md

  name: degraphql
  service_id: true
  dbless_compatible: 'yes'
  config:
    - name: graphql_server_path

>       required: false

Author: I set this as "false" even though the code has it as required. It's been pointed out that entries with a default value that are labelled as required are confusing to users - they're required to set the value, but the value is set? This makes no sense.

Reviewer: I think we better stay consistent. A value being required means you cannot set it explicitly to a JSON `null` value. 

I agree it’s not intuitive, but it certainly makes sense.

Reviewer 2: +1 to preserve `required: true`. But yeah... totally agree with you Lena. we should probably how to document this in a more intuitive way :thinking:

Author: > we should probably check how to document this in a more intuitive way 🤔

We'll give this bit some more thought. For now, I'll set it to `required: true`.

      default: "/graphql"
      datatype: string

>       description: The path to the GraphQL server.

Author: For reviewers: I don't know if there's much more to say about the server path param. Maybe an example? But even then, there's already one in the "default" field.

      minimum_version: "3.0.x"
---
## Usage

DeGraphQL needs a GraphQL endpoint to query. As an example, we are going to
build a REST API around the `https://api.github.com` GraphQL service. For that
reason, the following examples include the header `Authorization: Bearer some-token`.

This plugin must be activated on a service that points to a GraphQL endpoint.

### Create a Service and a Route

Create a Service and Route in {{site.base_gateway}}:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services \
  --data name="github" \
  --data url="https://api.github.com"

> curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/github/routes \

Reviewer 3: Why do we configure a route if degraphql takes over the service later?

Author: @aboudreault would you know the answer to this?

  --data paths="/api"
```

### Configure the plugin on the Service

Set up the DeGraphQL plugin:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/github/plugins \
  --data name="degraphql"
```

> The plugin takes over the Service. From this point on, the Service represents

Reviewer 3: > The plugin takes over the Service

I'm not sure what this is telling me. I _think_ it's something like:

```suggestion
Enabling the degraphql plugin will disable all existing routes in your service. From this point on, the Service represents
```

Reviewer: More like this:
Enabling the degraphql plugin will disable the regular service, instead the plugin will now build the path and graphql query to hit the Graphql service with.
